
(PEPM '94 and LFP '94)

Kei Davis' paper ``PERs from Projections for Binding-time Analysis''
has been accepted to the ACM SIGPLAN '94 Workshop on Partial Evaluation
and Program Manipulation (PEPM '94), to be held June 25, 1994, in
Orlando Florida, USA.  Davis is soon to finish his Ph.D. at the
University of Glasgow; it is appropriate that he not only publish his
research, but present it as well (as is expected in this case).  PEPM
'94 is being held in conjunction with several other closely related ACM
SIGPLAN conferences, workshops, and tutorials; it would also be
appropriate for Davis to attend the following Lisp and Functional
Programming conference, running June 27-29, since they will cover
topics relevant to putting the results of Davis' work into practice.
Finally, it is worth pointing out that this will genuinely foster and
strengthen European/USA ties and collaboration--much of the work in the
represented areas is European, and it is fitting that such work be
presented in person at a conference in the USA, and that Davis have the
opportunity to meet other researchers in the field.

(PEPM '94 and PLDI '94 and tutorial)

Kei Davis' paper ``PERs from Projections for Binding-time Analysis''
has been accepted to the ACM SIGPLAN '94 Workshop on Partial Evaluation
and Program Manipulation (PEPM '94), to be held June 25, 1994, in
Orlando Florida, USA.  Davis is soon to finish his Ph.D. at the
University of Glasgow; it is appropriate that he not only publish his
research, but present it as well (as is expected in this case).  PEPM
'94 is being held in conjunction with several other closely related ACM
SIGPLAN conferences, workshops, and tutorials; it would also be
appropriate for Davis to attend the preceding Programming Language
Design and Implementation conference and the associated tutorial
session, running June 20-24, since they will cover topics relevant to
putting the results of Davis' work into practice.  Finally, it is worth
pointing out that this will genuinely foster and strengthen
European/USA ties and collaboration--much of the work in the
represented areas is European, and it is fitting that such work be
presented in person at a conference in the USA, and that Davis have the
opportunity to meet other researchers in the field.
